pg.image.load( 'персонажи/противники/thief_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/противники/thief1_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/противники/mutant1_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/противники/Dogman_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/противники/hazamat_unit_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/противники/yeti_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/противники/beast_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/противники/mutant+blades_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/противники/maniac_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/жители/citizen_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/жители/citizen_1_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/жители/citizen_2_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/жители/citizen_3_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/жители/citizen_4_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/жители/citizen_5_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/солдаты/soldier_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/погибшие/deadman_left_empty_hands.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/рыба/рыба.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/солдаты/MG_man_run_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/нло/alien_turned_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/нло/alien+rifle_turned_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/погибшие/dead_man_turned_left.png' ),
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/нло/alien+rifle_turned_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/погибшие/dead_man_turned_left.png' ),
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/нло/alien+rifle_turned_right.png' ) ,
pg.image.load( 'персонажи/союзники/погибшие/dead_man_turned_left.png' )